update: consolidate iceberg connector howto (#872)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/kafka/kafka-connect/howto/aws-glue-rest-catalog.md

      requests (for example, `glue`)
    - `iceberg.catalog.rest.signing-region`: Set the AWS region used for request signing.
    - `iceberg.catalog.rest.sigv4-enabled`: Enable (`true`) or disable (`false`)

>       AWS SigV4 authentication for REST requests, this gets deprecated as of v1.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      AWS SigV4 authentication for REST requests. Deprecated in version 1.8.
```

>     - `iceberg.catalog.rest.auth.type`: HTTP credentials (`basic`), AWS access key (`sigv4`),
>       OIDC token (`oauth2`) for REST requests, this is only available as of v1.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `iceberg.catalog.rest.auth.type`: Sets the authentication method for REST requests to basic (HTTP credentials), sigv4 (AWS access key), or oauth2 (OIDC token). Introduced in version 1.8
```
